Husband is
When I go out, I must see you dead
You still want to come out
In another life
Be careful to get out of the way
Finally, another misunderstanding was solved
Grandpa, let's go and save my sister now
He was arrested because of me
I can't leave him alone.
Although he is a demon
But affectionate and righteous
Save you many times
Just for that
I decided to bring him back.
So what are you waiting for?
Go now.
You are waiting in the shop
I'll just go alone.
No grandpa
I'm going too tonight with a double moon
Although it is the waning moon
But it also greatly increased the scourge
If you go, I still have to protect you. How can I save him?
He was caught by the scourge
Even if not dead
Will also be seriously injured
You keep it.
Take that medicinal pill internally and apply the herbal medicine externally.
It's all set.
But so are you
I want your beautiful sister to live
Just do as I say.